Incoming transmission from the future.
Vancouver AI community meetup.
I'm going to share a couple things here
tonight. Um,
a little bit about what I think we're
all about and what makes us different
around here and and I want to tell you a
little bit about some of the trips I've
been on recently and stuff like that.
Um, so, you know, most of us have been a
part of a lot of AI conversations lately
and I find that almost every AI
conversation I'm a part of falls into
one of these two camps. You got like the
boosters on one side that are like get
on board, it's the future. Ships already
sailing and if you're not on board like
you're going to get left behind. It's
going to, you know, you should be
worried about your job.
You know, all all these all these
things. If you don't adopt AI, you
should adopt it everywhere all the time
fast as you can. Um, a lot of these
people are in finance, you know, they're
venture capitalists, they're they're
they work at startups, they're involved
in the space somehow. Um, and they have
a vested interest in in saying that,
right?
And then there's another camp is like
the doomers, you know, and this is the
people who are like, well, what about
the power and water and what about the
fact that it's been stolen on all the
work of mankind and oh man, have you
seen that it's biased and uh and it's
owned by just a few companies and and
you know, we've just consoli- they
should power into a few hands and and I
think that ultimately both of these
positions are kind of lazy. Um, the
first one neglects all of these
important things that we got to think
about about the societies we want and
the lives we want and the futures we
want.
And the complete resister camp doesn't
tell us what to do about this moment
that we're in right now. It just lets
you be a purist and kind of hold your
values close, but it doesn't tell you
what field to tell your children to go
into in the future, what jobs are left,
where to engage or invest your energy or
how to prepare yourself for what's
coming. And so, I ultimately want to
examine kind of both of these positions
for a second and you may have heard me
say I think the answer and I think what
makes this community unique is we're
walking forward with both hands full.
We're walking forward critiquing and
holding to account and interrogating the
things that we got a problem with and
that we're also, you know, investigating
the transformational power of this kind
of stuff to change our own creative
practices, our careers, build new
companies, build new robots, explore all
sorts of capabilities that haven't been
possible before.
AI has been stolen trained on the stolen
work of all mankind is full of
misogyny, homophobia, racism,
transphobia and I'm more creative,
powerful, productive, and curious than
I've ever been in my whole life and both
of those things are true.
That's what's going on in this moment
right now for a lot of people.
I want to stop for a second before we
continue and I want to give voice to
some of these things. These are some of
the ones that I could think of.
Lawrence, are you busy? No.
Will you take this mic from Kevin, the
one that he tells you to take?
What are some of the things that you
guys are hearing that aren't on this
list that are maybe a little bit deeper
that are kind of like
>> Yeah, yeah. Um, you're going to go here
You know what? Um,
you know what? [snorts] You go back to
your robot, I'll do it.
>> [laughter]
>> Um,
let's talk a little bit about the
problems. Maybe some of the ones that
aren't on this list.
Does anyone got something they want to
Kush? What am I missing in terms of the
resist
bad things category?
>> cuz I got to read the list.
Uh,
So, what is he what is he missing? What
is he missing from the list? What's the
list about again? Just tell me.
The fears. All right.
Um, You are a [__] Claude Coding. No,
I'm not. You know I'm not. You know, you
know I [__] hate Anthropic like a
[__] [__] Um,
uh
Loss of attention. Yeah. [__] Anthropic.
That's that's what I [__] feel.
>> [laughter]
>> What [snorts] are some of the things
you're hearing in your workplaces around
adoption? Why people are not interested.
We're coming here and then to Katherine
Warren.
The slop. So much slop. Thank you for
inviting me. So much slop.
I We had a drinks at the base side way
back in the day when you were running
for office.
Um, Katherine.
The slop.
Uh, concerns about data sovereignty in
particular for indigenous people. Yeah.
You know what? You know what? I'm just
pause right there.
So, I was in Banff last week at the
National Summit on AI with Evan Solomon
and a bunch of other people and I was
going to use this talk to surface some
things from that week and you've started
to do it. So, one of the things that was
on everybody's mind was sovereignty.
However, it really meant a lot of
different things to a lot of different
people and so I just wanted to kind of
report back on what the national
conversation on sovereignty is. So, on
one hand you got Mark Carney and Evan
Solomon talking about sovereignty in
terms of freeness from American pressure
and leverage. On another hand you have
what you're talking about, indigenous
data sovereignty, being in control of
their own data
with the ability to profit off of it and
know how it's used and stuff like that.
Um, in the first camp of the kind of
ministers and their take on AI
sovereignty,
um, some of it's just like leverage
against America, but some of it's
forming the You may have heard we signed
a bunch of AI deals with Germany,
Australia, the UAE, and a few other
people in the last 1 month.
These deals relate to Carney's deal and
Solomon's deal to to make a coalition of
middle powers that have a third
alternative to the China-America gun to
their head race to AI.
Where everyone's just releasing whatever
they can as fast as they can, as much as
they can without testing in a way that
makes it prohibitive for a lot of people
to adopt that kind of uh
>> [snorts]
>> race that's going on or whatever and so
that that's one of So, I just wanted to
point out that the sovereignty
conversation is a little bit confusing
for me right now because it means
different things in different places. It
either means like anti-America,
middle power coalition, indigenous
sovereignty and right to profit and own
own data and I think probably other Oh,
one more thing.
When it comes to the Canadian AI
sovereignty, it breaks down again.
There's people that just think like
Telus and Nvidia data centers located in
Canada is AI sovereignty in Canada. And
there's other people who think, no, open
source on the edge compute in
communities with GPU clusters at, you
know, not hyperscaled things, but that
this is truly the path to Canadian
sovereignty around AI decoupling from
that Silicon Valley hyperscaler business
model or whatever. So, um, thanks for
bringing that up. I hope that
is informative to some of you all who
are wondering about the current national
conversation on sovereignty. James.
Uh, what it's doing to kids' brains.
What is it doing to kids' brains that
you hear? Their development. Um, more
just like their creativity isn't as high
as it used to be. Like they can't
imagine that new things. They're always
referencing something else that already
exists.
Coming your way.
Jen. Jen Moss.
Um, just the lack of
uh
the overvaluing of efficiency and the
undervaluing of chaos
and the lack of um
um friction in the creative process. The
lack of valuing of friction in the
creative process.
>> [applause]
>> Kevin, can you cut to the next slide?
One more.
I think we are doing it wrong. I think
that we're hyper automating the art part
of the process while, you know, and when
we should be instead embracing that
friction as a way to truly, you know,
um, expand our creativity and our art.
Um, anyway, Kevin, go back a couple,
please, but is there anyone else who
kind of wants to talk who wants to give
voice to? I've got a mic back here. I've
got a mic back here if anyone back here
>> Oh, yeah. Alex, let's keep to one mic
for right now. Hold on.
>> Sounds good. No.
>> Climate.
Um, no, Eileen, I want you to say it for
the record.
Climate. Climate. Um, resource depletion
you know, complete uncontrolled buildout
without the consideration of of that
the social good, right? It's
Yeah, this is Depleting the social good.
Sure, sure. So,
at first you said climate and then you
said social good and I think both are
worth talking about, right? You know,
it's like in certain communities where
these hyperscale data centers are being
built, um, communities are having to
compete with these factories for water
or for power and the result is that the
cost is going up, you know, there's not
like droughts at the moment and things,
but the cost is going up for a lot of
people around these things. Um, yeah.
Let's get I'm going to do these last two
and then I'm going to keep going.
Yeah, I just want to echo what she said.
Um, in BC,
the government is now having to tell AI
um, companies that they cannot have any
more electricity because we've already
allocated more than enough
>> Yeah. and the the astonishing amount of
energy in this endeavor is just amazing.
Yeah, um, officially what happened is
Adrian Dix and David Eby put out a an
extension to the Bitcoin mining
moratorium that had outlawed Bitcoin
mining in BC data centers. And what they
did is they put together a a regulatory
bid process where 100 megawatts per year
are going to be allocated for AI
projects inside data centers and no
more. And most of those 100 megawatts
for this season cuz I went to all the BC
Hydro calls, um, I've already been
allocated to grandfathered in projects.
So, actually, uh for those of you who
are on the uh more like resister side
and concerns around climate, your local
representatives are representing you
well. They have put in some pretty stern
and strict regulations. Like it's very
hard to build an AI data center British
Columbia at all whatsoever. There will
only be 100 megawatts per year. That's a
drop in the bucket compared to the [__]
that everybody else is building. And um
Isn't that NIMBYism? No, birds are
taking up. Yeah, it's just good news. We
can talk uh
>> [clears throat]
>> I said that if you are on the resistor
side, that if you have concerns about
the power and water usage, then your
then your representatives are
representing you well. Your point is or
I don't want to say your point. The the
the the the alternative perspective, the
people that are like this is crap that
we shouldn't be doing this is like,
well, what do we use to power the in
Where do we buy those tokens from that
power the innovation that powers the
companies of the future? And I actually
think that there's a middle ground where
we could have like indigenous-owned
green hydropower data centers that cost
15% more than the tokens coming out of
Silicon Valley, but that a lot of
people's company would be willing to pay
for that because of the ethical stuff
that otherwise prevents them from
engaging in the situation. To say, it's
a complicated dialogue, Alvaro.
Model collapse,
not just for the AIs, but for us.
It's
our own cognition is more more dependent
upon artificial intelligence, which is
now responsible for arguably a large
amount of what's out there. Intelligence
collapse, you mean that we're going to
get smarter here to cliff and then we're
all going to get dumb like Idiocracy
styles? It It's the gray goo scenario.
It's photo copies of photo copies all
the way down.
I'm just in the neighborhood, so why
don't you get one in two?
Okay, I'm going to be the devil's
advocate here.
>> [clears throat]
>> What about the dangers using AI for like
military applications?
>> No, that's not devil's advocate. No, no.
I mean, I'm a
I don't know. It's like so much
happiness in the room, right?
Uh
And then the uh
I mean, it's always
the [__] up [laughter]
[__] so Well, well, I'll go I'll go even
further. Hackers using these tools to
[__] [__] up. So, I There you go.
Yo, I absolutely I'm glad you brought
that point up. So,
Minister Solomon and Mark Carney feel
like a big part of
Canada's AI future is killer robots.
Despite the fact we've got Geoffrey
Hinton out as our Canadian AI Nobel
Prize laureate in physics who quit
Google for that very sad reason. Um if
you look at even other organizations in
British Columbia, they are retooling all
their messaging around what do you call
it? Dual-use defense AI.
Like they're hoping to get the contracts
and bring them here. There There There
is a consortium of people that are
putting forth British Columbia as the
place to do that.
Whereas many people in this room like
Philippe and Tony I can't be here
tonight, locked out from DigiBC, Loki
from Circle Innovation, myself, we're
trying to put forward a vision for
British Columbia AI center of excellence
federally funded in the creative
industries, you know, that supports
film, television, animation, special
effects, the
digital industries that prop up our
whole city.
Um there's three federal centers of AI
in Canada,
Mila, the Vector Institute, and Ami in
Toronto, Montreal, and Edmonton
respectively.
We don't have one because we have
not been able to come together
necessarily and tell a cohesive story
about what why we're unique and the
economic impact that something like that
would have here. I should have named
Catherine Warren in that other list of
people who is also pulling for a BC AI
center of excellence in the creative
industries.
But um
we're doing that work. That was a big
part of what we did last week at
at Banff.
Uh I was there with a couple goals. One
of my goals was to introduce ourselves.
We're a 9-month-old nonprofit. We've
been having events for 2 years, but this
was the highest level conversation. It
was um
Screenwriters Guild of Canada,
the National Film Board of Canada, CBC,
the Indigenous Film Office, Telefilm
Canada,
all sorts of folks like that. And um
And so I was there to introduce
ourselves and I got to do that. I got to
meet Minister Solomon and um
Philippe, this ain't the moment, but me
and Philippe got to demo his lab's
open-source software to the ministers.
It was quite incredible.
Uh Ana Serrano, the Chancellor of OCAD
U, the Ontario College of Art and Design
University, she moderated a panel on
community, creativity, and culture. And
in her opening remarks, she named one
organization
at this whole thing. She named our
organization, the BC AI ecosystem. She
said that we are representative of an
emerging hybrid, grassroots,
community-based regional organization
that is impacting national policy around
AI.
So, that's the that's what we're getting
up to around here. And that was um
I didn't know she was going to say that.
I do have it recorded, so I can prove
it.
>> [laughter]
>> Um really really blew me out of the
water. Um before we go on,
one of my pet peeves in this whole thing
is this talk about bias in AI. Like
let's name it. It's not just bias. And
when you call it that, it's easy to
sweep it under the rug. It is misogyny.
It is homophobia. It's racism. It's
transphobia. It's all sorts of embedded,
crusty, old, ancient worldviews that are
um still right there into the system.
And there's ways that we can um
work around those things. And And that's
how we're able to walk forward both
hands full like I'm saying. And I'm
going to I'm going to share a little bit
about those tonight and ask you to to
think about them too a little bit. So,
when someone says bias, if they're
willing to sweep it under the rug, call
them out. Say, "What are you talking
about when you mean bias?" And get them
to unpack it a little bit.
Both hands full, that's where we're
going. All right, Kev.
Keep going, please.
>> [snorts]
>> I think that due to
the way that universities and jobs have
worked for the last couple hundred
years, we've hyper-optimized to become
human encyclopedias, human spreadsheets,
human calculators, and let atrophy
probably many of the things that are
like most innately unique about us being
human.
Our ability to
empathize, our ability to be embodied. I
mean, like
pay attention to your body. It's the one
thing you got right now that these
intelligences don't have, you know. Many
of them are probably smarter
[clears throat] than a lot of us in the
room, but they don't got this. And so,
I've been asking myself a lot around a
lot what that means and and how I can um
focus on some of those embodied
characteristics of my humanity in the
face of, you know, synthetic everything.
Um so, this may be a moment where we get
to move back to some of Maybe they'll be
our children who don't have their heads
full of the exact same Excel spreadsheet
calculation formulas and how to write
them or some other archaic [__]
Even like 15 coding languages, you know,
like drops up a lot You spend a lot of
time learning that stuff, drops up a lot
of brain space. What are the other ways
that we might use our minds and our
intuitions and our creativity in the
future?
Um
I want to talk a little bit about
self-knowledge. And And you could think
of If you're not super introspective
psychologically, you can think about
this around your career. But this for me
is the answer to a lot of um
Well, first of all, the bias, all those
things that we were talking about, but
also um
kind of like the
This is where I embed my heart and my
head and my values and my worldview into
the machines.
So, um you know, like a lot of you guys
have taken my AI courses and stuff, but
one of the things that we talk about a
lot is like having this knowledge base
or this second brain.
And what I've been thinking about
lately, someone called it like a
a portable personality document
briefcase or something like that. But
essentially, you know,
having AI analyze a your blog from the
last 10 years or your
thesis that you did a couple years ago
in university or something like that and
start to have it extract from that your
writing style. Say, "Hey, I'm going to
hire a ghostwriter next week. Analyze
these 30 docs that I think are awesome
and help me build a a job description
for my ghostwriter that's working next
week." And feed that into an AI as an
assistant, you know. And And then start
to ask yourself like, "What other things
could I add to that that would continue
to imbue myself into these machines?"
And so, like another one that I have
started to do is like a worldview and
perspectives document. I'll analyze the
same interviews or podcasts I've done or
blog posts and be like, "Help me pull
out from here what I value, what I care
about, what I think and why and how I
make decisions and stuff like that." And
now this AI like knows how to write like
me and kind of knows how to think like
me a little bit and what I care about.
Um
From there, I've gone on to build like
glossaries and anti-glossaries. Here's
words I use. Here's anti-racist,
anti-colonial words I never use. When
you're writing,
write Use my style guide, but also check
it against glossary and anti-glossary at
the editing phase to make sure we're on
the right track.
And then I add all sorts of other stuff
to it along the way.
You really need to talk? Go for it, Jen.
Just a quick question. You can't however
How old are you? I'm 49. Okay, so you
got 49 years to figure out your
self-knowledge and your voice.
What about people who are like
14?
Isn't this the question of the moment?
I would love to see
I'm just going to go there with you.
I would love to see schools change a
lot. I would love to see students given
AI tutors when they start middle school.
Something that's like a portfolio/tutor.
That all these make-work assignments
that are [__] [__] where they're
just doing exercises so the teacher can
grade them and throw them away. That
doesn't exist anymore. Instead, you come
up with something you care about at the
beginning, you know. You're like, "I
want to build this nonprofit or this
company or something." And then all your
lessons are tailored through the lens of
building this nonprofit, math for
nonprofits,
governance for nonprofits, spelling and
English literature, history of all this
[__] or whatever. It can be more
diversified based on liberal arts cuz I
think that's another part of the whole
thing. But imagine if like your junior
high and high school, you end with this
digital portfolio, this knowledge base
that I just said, of all your writings,
your daily explanations. Like, the best
assignments I've heard teachers give
right now are having
students in class or orally audit AI
outputs. Be like, here's the book
report, here's five different summaries
of the book report. Now, student
critique the five different summaries
from the AIs and tell me which one you
identify with the most and why or
something like that.
Um, so like, what if all that make-work
project ended up in a portfolio? And
what if like at the end of each year the
teacher didn't flush all knowledge of
that person down the toilet, but it
carried over a summer,
compounded upon it? Like, that's one of
my unlocks of the AI world is that
through
Matt Lambert, are you here? He's not
here. Ah, damn. Matt has come up with
this really interesting concept around
looping and iteration. And um
through this looping iteration process,
we build like compounding skills and
knowledge, but not just that.
And I'm going to get there, but I'll
just maybe give it now cuz it's natural
and skip those slides later.
These human taste, judgment, critical
thinking,
some stuff like that. It's a pretty
short list. I think that's what we got
left and I think it's an area to focus
on, right? And then you're like, well,
if it's an area to focus on and you're
44 and you got a 49, you got those
things already. How do I get it for my
14-year-old? And it's like, well, AI
allows us to loop really fast. Like to
test a bunch of ideas, to get feedback
on them in different ways, to iterate
upon those things in a way that was like
not possible before. I feel like I
shortchanged the whole photographic eye
development process because of the
my adoption of digital social media
technology really early.
Like, all my peers would photograph
stuff on film, get the film developed,
send it to their editor, the guy would
edit it, put it in a magazine, the
magazine get published, somebody had
good or negative feedback, they write a
letter to the editor. 6 months
afterwards, a photographer would get
close the loop of feedback on that
thing.
Well, through adoption of Flickr on the
day that it started, I started posting
photos every day, getting comments every
day, receiving those,
shooting tomorrow and doing the whole
loop again. And so, what used to take
you 25 years to become a master, I I
became a master in five.
Because I shot every day and just did
this iterative iterative looping. As
long as you're not handing over the
decision-making of what is good to the
AI. Agreed. Well, I just told you that I
think the decision-making about what is
good is what we got left. And I think
it's where we should focus. I think it's
how we should look at ourselves as
creatives. Let's hit it cuz we're Oh,
we're getting getting there. So, I mean,
at first they said DJs were losers
stealing other people's music, that they
weren't original, there was nothing
creative about it.
And then we saw whole genres emerge,
whole new art forms emerge. And
hit it, Kev. And this hearkens me back
to one of my favorite documentaries of
all time called RIP: A Remix Manifesto,
made by Brett Gaylor on in Victoria,
funded by the NFB.
And this is what that was based on in
2006. I'll let you read it.
Um what we saw was
as our understanding of these tools
changed, that new expressions and and
art forms emerged. And so, I think that
that is probably where we're we're
headed. I want to give you a little
taste of this film and why I like it.
Um, Darb, will you hit the bottom light?
>> [music]
>> Whether or not you think this music is
original isn't the point because the
rules of this game don't depend on who
made the songs.
They depend on who owns the copyright.
And according to the people that do,
sampling even a single note is grounds
for a lawsuit.
That means these kids should not be
dancing.
And you shouldn't be watching because
using these songs in my movie is against
the rules, too.
And the fact that there are people out
there calling my favorite artist a
criminal is exactly why I need to make
this film.
20 years have passed, but like in many
ways we're right in the same moment.
Darb, second light from the top, please.
Um
here we are again trying to figure out
like, is it original? Someone else
talked about a remix of a remix of a
remix, you know? And and so, it remains
to be determined, I think, where we're
going with this stuff ultimately.
Um, are you guys enjoying this? Yeah.
Cool.
I'm going to take you on a little trip
further then and then we will turn it
over to the rest of the night. So, I'm
going to show you two clips that rocked
my [__] world like a year and a half
ago and I think you'll see why. The
first one's talking about writing
as a way to get our ideas into the bots.
Or sorry, the second one's about writing
as a way to get in the bots. The first
one is about that, figuring out our
unique, special, creative, human
place we should focus as all these bots
get good at making all sorts of
synthetic everything. Darb, you bottom
light, please. Roll it, Kev. This guy
who he's about to you're about to see
him, he works for OpenAI and he has to
disguise his voice and his face. And so,
it's a real human. He's one of the
preeminent preeminent AI researchers in
the whole wide world and disguising his
voice via AI.
So, you wrote an interesting comment
about getting your work into the LLM
training corpus. You wrote, quote,
there has never been a more vital hingy
time to write. And I'm wondering whether
you mean that in the sense of you are
going to be this drop in the bucket
that's steering the Shoggoth one way or
another, or do you mean it in the sense
of making sure your values and persona
persist somewhere in latent space?
I mean both. Um, you know, I think by
writing you're voting on the future of
the Shoggoth using some of the few
currencies it acknowledges.
Right, like tokens that it has to
predict. If you aren't writing,
you're kind of abdicating the future,
abdicating your role in it. If you think
it's enough to just be a good citizen,
to vote for your favorite politician,
you know, to pick up litter and recycle,
the future doesn't care about you. There
ways to influence the Shoggoth more, but
not many. Um, and if you don't already
occupy a handful of key roles or work at
a frontier lab, your influence basically
rounds off to zero, I think, far more
than ever before. There are [snorts]
values you have which are not expressed
yet in text. And if there are things
that you like or want, if they aren't
reflected online, then to the AI they
basically don't exist. Um, and that is
dangerously close to won't exist. Mhm.
Um, you're also creating a sort of
immortality for yourself personally,
right? Like, you aren't just creating a
persona, you are creating your future
self, too, right? What self are you
showing the LLMs and how will they treat
you in the future?
Um, anyway, what this has encouraged me
to do is to go into this knowledge-based
creation mode that I was talking about
before, where I'm writing and speaking
my ideas out, specifically preferences,
how I make or why I make decisions,
um things that I think are beautiful and
why and stuff like that. The real kind
of like soft skills around that stuff.
As a way to imbue those values into
whatever this future future thing is
coming.
I found this really confronting, right?
Cuz I Does anyone in here work for a
foundational lab? I don't. So, I mean,
he's like, yo, if you don't work for a
foundational lab, your influence, your
ability to have agency in the future
rounds off to more or less zero. And
like
And like the only way you can kind of
control your own little personal sphere
is through, you know, like the creation
of the, you know, writing out your
ideas, getting your things out of your
heart and your head and into the world,
especially if it's not documented
somewhere else.
Pretty pretty crazy to me. Um, where we
at, Kevin?
All right.
Um, let's just blast into the next clip.
Now that you know that AI is a thing
that is coming, but basically what's
your thinking around
how you how you see your role in this
timeline and also what your how you're
thinking about how to spend these next
few years. Yeah, I've been thinking
about that uh quite a lot.
What what do I want to do, you know?
And and what would be useful to do?
I'm doing things now because I want to
do them, um regardless of whether it
would be possible for an AI to do them
in like 3 years.
I I do something because I want to,
because I like it, you know, I find it
funny or whatever. Um, or maybe I think
carefully about kind of just doing the
human part of it, like laying out a
proposal or something. Um, if you take
seriously the idea of getting AGI in
just a few years, you don't necessarily
have to implement stuff and do it
yourself.
You can sketch out clearly like what you
want and why it would be good and then
how to do it. And then basically just
wait for the better AGI to come along
and actually do it then.
Unless, you know, there's some really
compelling reason to do it right now and
pay the cost in terms of scarce time.
But otherwise, I'm trying to write more
about what isn't recorded. Things like
preferences and and desires and
evaluations and judgments.
Things that a an AI couldn't replace
even in principle.
The way I like to put it is that the AI
kind of can't eat ice cream for you.
Right, it can't decide for you which
kind of ice cream you like.
Only you can do that. And if anything
else did, it would just be worthless,
basically. Because it's not your
particular preference. That's kind of
the rubric for me. Right, like, is this
something that I want to do regardless
of any future AI because I enjoy it, or
is it something where I'm doing only the
human part of it, maybe, and the AGI can
later on do it.
Or is this writing down something that's
unwritten today
and thus helping kind of the future AI
versions of me. So, if it doesn't fall
into one of those three, I've been
trying to basic
These clips kind of keep getting cut
off, but it's no big deal.
Um
Second life darts. I mean, isn't that
crazy? I found that another confronting
idea is like don't waste your time doing
anything right now. Instead, get these
ideas out of you and into the world and
then, you know, there'll be some days be
these AIs that can just like do it in
you know, in an afternoon just spin up
some virtual workers in an Nvidia
factory and boom, you've got your whole
company built in a day. Um so anyway,
this is the type of stuff that I has
been inspiring me that I've been
reflecting on and trying to share
through some of the things we're doing
Um You know, I'm watching AI come and
kick over the table in almost every
single industry right now. And so, a lot
of us coming together here is kind of
building a lifeboat. It's really pretty
kind of hard to see where things are
going, but I believe that we're stronger
together than we are on our own,
especially if we can articulate a vision
for the economy here in BC around the
creative industries and some of this
other stuff. Um I think that we have
gained voice and a lot of recognition.
Um people are listening looking to us.
This isn't going on in every city. This
is not going on anywhere There's one
There's a one interesting thing going on
in Toronto that brings in ethics and
governance and creativity and
performance and other things, but this
is a really unique take. This both hands
full holding it to account on one hand
while exploring the possibilities on
another.
Um
You can just blast me on through. Oh,
this is where I talked about looping
earlier. Matt Locke's going to come
back. He's got a whole process he's
developing for developing intuition, for
developing these soft skills that I
thought previously were the realm of
like
privileged liberal arts educations or
whatever. This is how you you know,
through having a great network and going
to 10 years of school, you develop these
types of things or whatever. Well, he's
got some ways to use AI to shortcut that
process that can inspire the youths, I
think.
Got one more message here for the most
skeptical in the room. Thanks for being
here. That means you're my people. It's
the folks that are opting out and
burying the head in the sand that I
think are problem because we need the
most critical voices in the room at the
table. And if those people don't demand
a seat at the table that's deciding the
future, all the seats going to be taken
up by the hypers, by the tech bros, by
the Silicon Valley elite, and everyone
else who's trying to push an agenda as
it relates to this stuff. So, please, if
you're skeptical, if you're critical,
you're welcome here. Raise your voice
and demand your seat at the table.
That's it.
All right. Thank you very much.
Um
>> [applause]
>> Thanks for letting me go first. I always
cut my keynote off at the end to to let
other people go, but you know, um I want
to say thank you to everybody for last
month. We've done this 27 months in a
row, and last month was the first month
I wasn't here, and it happened awesome
anyway. And that was by design. We grow
in many different dimensions right now,
and and I'll try not to be a bottleneck.
So, thanks to Kevin and Loki and
everybody else who Alex and who made
this kind of the stuff happen last
month.
>> [applause]